🍪
dismiss
Privacy Notice

This website uses cookies to improve your web experience. By using the site, you agree to the use of cookies. Cookie Policy

AI Product Engineer
Vancouver, British ColumbiaMatch Group – Internships /Internship /Hybrid
SUBMIT YOUR APPLICATION
LinkedIn profile
Apply with LinkedIn

Authorize sharing of selected
LinkedIn profile details to
auto-complete this form. Learn more

Resume/CV
✱
ATTACH RESUME/CV
Full name
✱
Pronouns
He/him
	
She/her
	
They/them


Xe/xem
	
Ze/hir
	
Ey/em


Hir/hir
	
Fae/faer
	
Hu/hu
Use name only
Custom

Let the employer know what pronouns you use so that they can address you correctly.

Email
✱
Phone
✱
Current location
✱
Current company
LINKS
LinkedIn URL
GitHub URL
Portfolio URL
Other website
ACCOMMODATIONS REQUEST
Will you require a reasonable accommodation to complete the hiring process which may include technical testing, virtual and in-person style interviews?
Yes
No
PREVIOUS EMPLOYMENT
Have you been employed by Match Group, in any of its brands, previously?
✱
Select...
Yes
No
GETTING TO KNOW YOU - CANADA
What is your preferred name?
What are your pronouns?
Do you now or will you in the future require sponsorship or employment authorization to work in Canada?
✱
Yes, I do / will require sponsorship
No, I do not / will not require sponsorship
How did you hear about this position?
✱
In one sentence, tell us why you are interested in this position:
DEMOGRAPHIC SURVEY

Thank you for your interest in one of our Match Group brands! Match Group's portfolio of dating site brands includes Match, Tinder, Hinge, Plenty of Fish, OkCupid, Archee, Meetic, Hyperconnect, Pairs, BLK, and more. We invite you to complete this optional survey to help us evaluate our diversity and inclusion efforts. Submission of the information on this form is strictly voluntary and refusal to provide it will not subject you to any adverse treatment or affect your job application. Information obtained will be kept separate from your name or job application. This information will be kept secure and confidential and will be used solely to evaluate our diversity and inclusion efforts.

What gender do you currently identify as?
Female
Male
Non-binary
Prefer Not to Answer

By applying for this position, I consent to retain my data for the purpose of considering me for employment as per Match Group's Privacy Policy. 
 
Match Group has my consent to retain my data for the purpose of considering me for employment for an additional 2 years (i.e. 4 years total). I understand I may withdraw my consent at any time.

SUBMIT APPLICATION

Match Group Home Page

.

Jobs powered by